Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am
going to explain the first two episodes
called “Red 1ight green 1ight” and “HeII”
from the South Korean survival drama
“SQU1D G4M3.” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
Seong Gi-hun is a middle-aged man
living in a small house with his mother.
Gi-hun is drowning in loans and has a gambling
addiction, making their financial condition
very poor. At breakfast one day, Gi-hun’s mother
hands him some money to buy his daughter Gayeong
a birthday dinner. Gi-hun’s ex-wife is married to
a wealthy man and doesn’t let him see his daughter
often, so Gi-hun is excited to see her for her
birthday. He asks his mother for some more money
to buy Gayeon a gift as well. She says she is
broke at first but eventually hands him a few
extra wons. After she leaves, Gi-hun cunningly
gets her credit card and goes to withdraw more
money with his fellow gambling friend.
The two then place their bets on horses but are
down on their luck as they lose every round. They
do not stop wasting their money even after losing
almost all of it. In the end, Gi-hun finally wins
a decent sum of money and is over the moon. He
even tips the lady who hands him the money and
goes outside celebrating his luck. Just then,
Gi-hun notices some men approaching him angrily.
They are his debtors to whom he owes a lot of
money. Fearing his recent earnings might be taken,
he runs inside the building again and crashes into
a girl accidentally. The debtors eventually catch
him and threaten to kill him if he doesn’t return
their money. A scared Gi-hun tries to give them
the money he just won, only to discover his pocket
empty. He realizes that the girl he crashed onto
earlier was a pickpocket who stole his money.
The debtors, however, do not care about this and
start hitting Gi-hun. They use a scalpel and put
it into his nostrils, making him plead for his
life. They say they will return after one month
and leave. Now, the man has zero money left,
hence he goes back to the girl he tipped earlier
and asks for his money back. He still doesn’t
have enough to buy his daughter a gift so,
instead, he settles to winning her one from a
claw machine. But, with his luck, he cannot even
get one toy into the hole. A little kid beside him
offers to help and finally wins a black gift box.
They celebrate the small win and
Gi-hun leaves after thanking the kid.
He takes his daughter to a tteokbokki stall and
the two enjoy the food. Gayeong is worried to
see cuts and bruises on her father’s face which
Gi-hun says are just mosquito bites. He hands her
the gift without checking what is inside the
box. Gayeong is surprised to see it is a gun
shaped lighter. Gi-hun takes the gift back and
promises to get her a better one next year.
At last, he brings his daughter to her mother
and parts after saying goodbye. Gi-hun is now
at a train station where he is approached by a
well-mannered and well-dressed man. He invites
Gi-hun to play a game of ddakji, a game where
they should flip a card by hitting it with another
card. The man claims to give Gi-hun 100,000 won
if he wins but if he loses, the man will slap his
face. Having nothing to lose, Gi-hun accepts the
offer. As they play, Gi-hun loses several rounds
getting slapped by the man numerous times. His
cheek starts to bruise badly but he doesn’t stop.
At last, he finally wins a round and gets the
money he was promised. Then, the well-dressed
man hands him a card asking him to call the number
if he wants to play more games like this. On his
way home, Gi-hun meets an old woman who is his
friend Sangwoo’s mother. She boasts about her son
currently being on a business trip to the US.
At night, Gi-hun and his mother are having
dinner when she tells him that his
ex-wife’s family is moving to the US.
Hence, he won’t be able to see Gayeong again.
Gi-hun is shocked but cannot do anything because
his ex-wife has the complete custody of his
daughter because of his financial problems.
At night, in desperation, he calls the number
the man gave him and is called to a place nearby.
A van pulls up in front of him and he is asked to
get inside. As soon as he steps in, a gas spreads
throughout the vehicle that knocks him out. When
he wakes up, Gi-hun is in a bunk bed with several
other people around him. His clothes have been
changed and all of his belongings are gone.
Everyone seems to be as confused as him. We see
that everyone in the room is being monitored
through cameras. Gi-hun meets an old man who has
the number 001 written on his vest while Gi-hun
has 456 written on it. The man says that he is
suffering from a brain tumour. As they talk,
a fight catches their attention. The girl who has
stolen Gi-hun’s money the previous day is fighting
with a man who seems to be a gangster. Gi-hun
interferes and threatens the girl to give him
his money back. Their argument is stopped when the
facility’s staff, dressed in red suits and masks
enter the room. They welcome the people and
announce that they will be playing six games
in six days, and those who win all six
of them will win a lot of prize money.
One of the participants is Sangwoo, Gi-hun’s
childhood friend who was supposed to be on a
business trip to the US according to his mother.
It turns out that he is wanted by the police
because he owes his client a total of six hundred
fifty million won. So, he lied to his mother.
Shortly after, a sphere is brought to
the ceiling of the room which the staff
claims will be filled with money once they
complete the first game. Everyone is confused
but agrees to play the game anyway. They are made
to sign a rule book that has only three rules,
1, players are not allowed to stop playing once
the game has started, 2, The player who refuses
to play will be eliminated, and 3, The games will
be terminated if the majority agrees. Everyone
signs the form and gets ready for the first
game. Outside the room is a maze-like hallway.
The contestants are made to take pictures and then
are taken to a field that has a creepy statue of a
doll on one side. Gi-hun approaches his old friend
Sangwoo and asks him why he lied to his mother. As
they talk, they are interrupted by an announcement
asking them to stay behind the white line.
Somewhere inside the facility, the overse1er of
the games gets a call from someone. He takes his
place in front of the monitor and watches everyone
play. Back in the field, the contestants are told
that the first game is “red light green light”
they have ten minutes to complete the game. As
the statue of a girl says red light, they have to
freeze, and they can only move forward when the
girl is turning around and saying green light. If
anyone is caught moving, the statue will sense the
motion and the person will be eliminated. The game
begins and goes on regularly for a while. That is
until the statue detects a motion and one man is
eliminated. He is shot dead at the very moment.
The others do not comprehend what is happening so
they play the next round. But soon, they find out
the people who are eliminated are killed. Chaos
ensues and people start running around and getting
shot. A pile of dead bodies falls around the
entrance and the place turns into a bloodbath.
Only a few contestants remain frozen in fear.
From the next round, everyone starts being more
careful. Gi-hun is still frozen on the ground
but moves when Sangwoo asks him to. He almost
falls down once but is saved by a man behind him
named Ali. More people die as the game continues
and in the end, some of them finally pass the game
including Gi-hun, Sangwoo, the pickpocket girl
Saebyeok, the old man Ilnam, the gangster Deoksu,
and the guy who saved Gi-hun, Ali. As the camera
pans out, we see that they are on a secluded
island, and the facility is underground.
The staff clean up the dead bodies and burn them
in furnaces. The surviving contestants are brought
back to the room and are shaken by what they just
witnessed. Gi-hun thanks Ali for saving his life
earlier. Right then, the staff enter the room and
congratulate them for completing the first round.
The number of contestants decreases from 456 to
201, meaning that 255 contestants were killed.
One of the girls falls down on her
knees and begs the staff to let them go.
The others join and do the same. Soon,
everyone is asking them to let them go free.
However, the staff reminds them the second rule
of the game and threatens to kill them if they
refuse to play. But Sangwoo claps back with the
third rule according to which if the majority
agrees to end the game, they will. The staff
agrees but wants to show them the price money
before voting. The sphere that was on the ceiling
earlier is then filled with bundles of money.
The staff claims the winner will be able to take
home 45.6 billion won. But if they decide to stop
playing, the families of the dead people will
receive a hundred million won each and they will
get nothing. The prize money tempts everyone and
the ones who were against the game earlier start
voting for it to continue. The winning vote is
decided by Ilnam who votes for it to end. Finally,
they will be allowed to go home without any
damage. The staff says that if the majority
of them want to play the game again, they
will be contacted. In the following scene,
Gu-hun and Saebyeok are thrown out of a van with
their hands tied. The same happens with Ali and
Sangwoo. All of them go their separate ways.
Sangwoo even hands Ali some money for his bus
fare. Gi-hun goes to the police directly and
tells them about his kidnapping. But they find
it hard to believe that the kidnappers sent him
back because he voted for it. One police officer
named Junho is at the station as well. The card
Gi-hun is holding catches his attention.
Gi-hun then goes back to his home only to find
his mother missing. It turns out that she is
severely diabetic and has been admitted to the
hospital because of extreme pain. Gi-hun rushes
to the hospital to see his mother’s feet covered
in wounds. The doctors say only surgery can save
her life, but they cannot afford it. Elsewhere, we
see the police officer Junho talking to his mother
about his brother. Junho’s brother has been
missing for a few days now which worries him.
At his brother’s apartment, he finds the
same card that Gi-hun was showing the police
earlier. He decides to follow Gi-hun and ask him
about the card. Meanwhile, the pickpocket Saebyeok
goes to meet her brother in an orphanage. It turns
out that the girl is a North Korean escapee whose
parents are still stuck in North Korea. She
wants to collect more money to get her back
and get her brother out of the orphanage.
Ali, on the other hand, goes to his work to meet
his boss. He has come to Korea from Pakistan to
earn money but he hasn’t been paid for six months
now. He has his wife and a little son at home
who he has to fend for. Ali’s boss has a bundle
of money in front of him but he refuses to pay. An
enraged Ali accidentally pushes him to a machine,
making his fingers smash. He takes the
money and runs away right after. At home,
he hands his wife the money and asks her to run
back to Pakistan with their son. He assures her
that he will come back later, hugging his
wife for the last time before leaving.
Meanwhile, Sangwoo calls his mother and
lies to her about being in the US. His
mother happily asks him not to get her any gifts
and ends the phone call. Right after the call,
the old woman is approached by some police
officers asking her about Sangwoo. They tell
her that he is under investigation for stealing
his clients’ money and ask her to report him if
he comes to her. The woman is shocked and
embarrassed in front of her customers.
At the same time, Sangwoo receives a card from the
same facility again. Gi-hun, on the other hand,
has no way to treat his mother’s illness. He goes
to his ex-wife to ask her for help but she refuses
to help him. As they talk, her new husband and
their children return home. Gi-hun walks out
only to be called by the husband. He hands
him a bundle of money and asks Gi-hun to never
approach his family again. An enraged Gi-hun beats
him, claiming that he cannot take his daughter
away. Right then, his daughter comes outside
and sees her father hitting her stepfather.
She looks at Gi-hun in disappointment.
Later, he walks back home, totally defeated
and helpless. The police officer Junho is waiting
for him outside his house. He asks Gi-hun about
the card, but Gi-hun dismisses it saying that he
was just drunk when he made the police report.
He has made the decision to go back to the place
again and doesn't want to cause any trouble with
the police. Junho tries to get him to talk but
Gi-hun dismisses him. While walking inside,
he finds the card stuck to a door. He calls the
number and goes back to get picked up again.
Similarly, Sangwoo, Ilnam, Deoksu, Saebyeok, and
Ali have decided to go back to continue the game.
The episode ends as they get inside the van
and are knocked out by the gas again.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.